pages/cq-pausemenu/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
---

import { Steps, Tabs, Tab } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

## Installation

<Steps>
    ### Set Images

    Images for the logo and background are configurable via the `Config` table:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.images = {
        logo = {
            url = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/isologo-CodeIQ.png', -- Set your logo URL here
            size = 10, -- Logo size
            padding = { x = 0, y = 0 }, -- Padding around the logo
        },
        background = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/background.png' -- Background image URL
    }
    ```

    - `logo.url`: **Required**. URL of the server logo.
    - `logo.size`: Size of the logo.
    - `logo.padding`: Padding for the logo (x and y for horizontal/vertical).
    - `background`: **Required**. URL of the background image.

    <Callout type="info">
            **Tip:** Use [FiveManage](https://fivemanage.com/) to host and manage your images.
    </Callout>

    ### Set Sounds

    Configure menu sound effects such as hover, click, and transitions:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.sounds = {
        volume = 0.1, -- Default audio volume (0.0 to 1.0)
        hover = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/pause-hover.ogg', -- Hover sound
        click = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/click.mp3', -- Click sound
        transition = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/transition.mp3' -- Transition sound
    }
    ```

    - `volume`: Audio volume level.
    - `hover`: URL of the hover sound effect.
    - `click`: URL of the click sound effect.
    - `transition`: URL of the transition sound effect.

    ### Toggle Menu Options

    Enable or disable core menu options via the `Config.menu_options` table:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.menu_options = {
        bills = true,        -- Enable the Bills menu
        properties = true,   -- Enable the Properties menu
        commerces = true,    -- Enable the Commerces menu
        help = true,         -- Enable the Help menu
        exit = 'disconnect'  -- Or 'logout'
    }
    ```

    - `bills`: Toggle the "Bills" menu.
    - `properties`: Toggle the "Properties" menu.
    - `commerces`: Toggle the "Commerces" menu.
    - `help`: Toggle the "Help" menu.
    - `exit`: Set the exit action ('disconnect' or 'logout').

    <Callout type="info">
        **Note:** The `logout` option is for if you have a multi-character system and want to return to the character selection screen. The `disconnect` option will just drop the player from the server.
    </Callout>

    ### Customize Shortcuts

    Configure up to 4 shortcuts and icons and their associated events:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.shortcuts = {
        [1] = {
            name = 'service', -- Shortcut event name
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/policia.svg' -- Icon URL
        },
        [2] = {
            name = 'organization',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/bandido.svg'
        },
        [3] = {
            name = 'business',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/maletin.svg'
        },
        [4] = {
            name = 'crew',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/crews.svg'
        }
    }
    ```

    - `name`: Shortcut's event name (matches the exported event).
    - `icon`: URL of the shortcut's icon.

    ### Add New Shortcut Example (Optional)

    <Steps>
        ### Config Custom Shortcut

        Add a new shortcut entry in the `Config.shortcuts` table:

        ```lua filename="config.lua"
        [5] = {
            name = 'example',
            icon = 'https://example.com/icon-url.png'
        }
        ```

        ### Create Custom Shortcut Event

        Define the behavior for this shortcut in `cq-lib/bridge/client/actions/main.lua`:

        ```lua filename="main.lua"
        exports('example', function()
            --- Put your event logic here
            print('Example Shortcut')
        end)
        ```
    </Steps>

    ### Configure Shortcut Events

    Add custom behavior for each shortcut in `cq-lib/bridge/client/actions/main.lua`:

    ```lua filename="main.lua"
    local callback = exports['cq-lib']:Callbacks()

    -- Menu Events
    exports('BillsMenu', function()
        print('billsMenu') -- Replace with your Bills menu event logic
    end)

    exports('HelpMenu', function()
        print('helpMenu') -- Replace with your Help menu event logic
    end)

    export('LogoutEvent', function()
    ExecuteCommand('logout') -- Replace with your logout event logic
    end)

    -- Shortcut Actions
    exports('service', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_police'):match('start') then
            ExecuteCommand('pcad') -- Trigger police service menu
        end
    end)

    exports('organization', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_ilegal'):match('start') then
            local result = callback:await('cq-pausemenu:getGang')
            if result then
                TriggerEvent("origen_ilegal:OpenGangMenu")
            else
                QBCore.Functions.Notify("No puedes utilizar este menú", "error")
            end
        end
    end)

    exports('business', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_masterjob'):match('start') then
            ExecuteCommand('-businnestablet') -- Trigger business tablet menu
        end
    end)

    exports('crew', function()
        print('crewMenu') -- Replace with your crew menu logic
    end)

    -- Example Shortcut
    exports('example', function()
        --- Put your event logic here
        print('Example Shortcut')
    end)
    ```

    - `service`: Action triggered by the "Service" shortcut.
    - `organization`: Action for the "Organization" shortcut.
    - `business`: Action for the "Business" shortcut.
    - `crew`: Action for the "Crew" shortcut.
    - `example`: Example shortcut for custom use cases.


</Steps>

Feel free to customize further based on your server's needs! 🚀

Commit message:

update: (Language config on pausemenu)

pages/cq-pausemenu/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
---

import { Steps, Tabs, Tab } from 'nextra-theme-docs';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

## Installation

<Steps>
    ### Set Language

    Set the next convar in your server.cfg file to the language you want to use in the pause menu:

    ```lua filename="server.cfg"
    setr cq-translate "en"
    ```

    - `en`: English
    - `es`: Spanish

    ### Set Images

    Images for the logo and background are configurable via the `Config` table:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.images = {
        logo = {
            url = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/isologo-CodeIQ.png', -- Set your logo URL here
            size = 10, -- Logo size
            padding = { x = 0, y = 0 }, -- Padding around the logo
        },
        background = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/background.png' -- Background image URL
    }
    ```

    - `logo.url`: **Required**. URL of the server logo.
    - `logo.size`: Size of the logo.
    - `logo.padding`: Padding for the logo (x and y for horizontal/vertical).
    - `background`: **Required**. URL of the background image.

    <Callout type="info">
            **Tip:** Use [FiveManage](https://fivemanage.com/) to host and manage your images.
    </Callout>

    ### Set Sounds

    Configure menu sound effects such as hover, click, and transitions:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.sounds = {
        volume = 0.1, -- Default audio volume (0.0 to 1.0)
        hover = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/pause-hover.ogg', -- Hover sound
        click = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/click.mp3', -- Click sound
        transition = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/transition.mp3' -- Transition sound
    }
    ```

    - `volume`: Audio volume level.
    - `hover`: URL of the hover sound effect.
    - `click`: URL of the click sound effect.
    - `transition`: URL of the transition sound effect.

    ### Toggle Menu Options

    Enable or disable core menu options via the `Config.menu_options` table:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.menu_options = {
        bills = true,        -- Enable the Bills menu
        properties = true,   -- Enable the Properties menu
        commerces = true,    -- Enable the Commerces menu
        help = true,         -- Enable the Help menu
        exit = 'disconnect'  -- Or 'logout'
    }
    ```

    - `bills`: Toggle the "Bills" menu.
    - `properties`: Toggle the "Properties" menu.
    - `commerces`: Toggle the "Commerces" menu.
    - `help`: Toggle the "Help" menu.
    - `exit`: Set the exit action ('disconnect' or 'logout').

    <Callout type="info">
        **Note:** The `logout` option is for if you have a multi-character system and want to return to the character selection screen. The `disconnect` option will just drop the player from the server.
    </Callout>

    ### Customize Shortcuts

    Configure up to 4 shortcuts and icons and their associated events:

    ```lua filename="config.lua"
    Config.shortcuts = {
        [1] = {
            name = 'service', -- Shortcut event name
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/policia.svg' -- Icon URL
        },
        [2] = {
            name = 'organization',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/bandido.svg'
        },
        [3] = {
            name = 'business',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/maletin.svg'
        },
        [4] = {
            name = 'crew',
            icon = 'https://r2.fivemanage.com/u5HR6uOgjbQM4owiGySU1/crews.svg'
        }
    }
    ```

    - `name`: Shortcut's event name (matches the exported event).
    - `icon`: URL of the shortcut's icon.

    ### Add New Shortcut Example (Optional)

    <Steps>
        ### Config Custom Shortcut

        Add a new shortcut entry in the `Config.shortcuts` table:

        ```lua filename="config.lua"
        [5] = {
            name = 'example',
            icon = 'https://example.com/icon-url.png'
        }
        ```

        ### Create Custom Shortcut Event

        Define the behavior for this shortcut in `cq-lib/bridge/client/actions/main.lua`:

        ```lua filename="main.lua"
        exports('example', function()
            --- Put your event logic here
            print('Example Shortcut')
        end)
        ```
    </Steps>

    ### Configure Shortcut Events

    Add custom behavior for each shortcut in `cq-lib/bridge/client/actions/main.lua`:

    ```lua filename="main.lua"
    local callback = exports['cq-lib']:Callbacks()

    -- Menu Events
    exports('BillsMenu', function()
        print('billsMenu') -- Replace with your Bills menu event logic
    end)

    exports('HelpMenu', function()
        print('helpMenu') -- Replace with your Help menu event logic
    end)

    export('LogoutEvent', function()
    ExecuteCommand('logout') -- Replace with your logout event logic
    end)

    -- Shortcut Actions
    exports('service', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_police'):match('start') then
            ExecuteCommand('pcad') -- Trigger police service menu
        end
    end)

    exports('organization', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_ilegal'):match('start') then
            local result = callback:await('cq-pausemenu:getGang')
            if result then
                TriggerEvent("origen_ilegal:OpenGangMenu")
            else
                QBCore.Functions.Notify("No puedes utilizar este menú", "error")
            end
        end
    end)

    exports('business', function()
        if GetResourceState('origen_masterjob'):match('start') then
            ExecuteCommand('-businnestablet') -- Trigger business tablet menu
        end
    end)

    exports('crew', function()
        print('crewMenu') -- Replace with your crew menu logic
    end)

    -- Example Shortcut
    exports('example', function()
        --- Put your event logic here
        print('Example Shortcut')
    end)
    ```

    - `service`: Action triggered by the "Service" shortcut.
    - `organization`: Action for the "Organization" shortcut.
    - `business`: Action for the "Business" shortcut.
    - `crew`: Action for the "Crew" shortcut.
    - `example`: Example shortcut for custom use cases.


</Steps>

Feel free to customize further based on your server's needs! 🚀
